Okay, let's have a look to the agenda today. So, we are going to have a meeting about the functional design. so first before starting I just going to to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting. So basically we we are not decided if we should go for a universal or specific remote control,. but I have new new i inputs for about that topics. I goin I'm going to share with you. so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations. But first I would like quickly to to decide of to give a name to the project. So, I just put quickly Remo,
Maybe a Spanish name would work well. What does it mean in Spanish?
So, let's go for Mando?
You could have the fonts you know special,. Although you don't wanna cut cut women out of the potential buyers though,
I I think this is more a question of of look and feel. Something that should be addressed later. We should we should go to other for the other topics. So maybe we could start with the market, yeah.
And we have to find the weaknesses and and the the improvements we could do to the current remote controls. And also I di I did a study with for the incorporation of new technologies. Well more most of the people think that remote controls are ugly, thoroughly. So and they they admit that the the they should they would spend more money in a fancier remote control,. the the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the in the remote control. So in my opinion the Mando this Mando shouldn't be very small. So it may be interesting to to think in a in both prototypes, for right and left handed people.
Well th the on the thing is though, most remote controls are used by more than one person.
Well maybe it could be a universal design.
And finally, the incorporation of a LCD or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting,. but I don't know if the budget would be large enough. But most of yeah most of the young people to thirty to thirty years old were really interested in this kind of technology.
We had the new requirements from the so from the head offices of the company,. and so they wanted so they want to they would like to be restricted to TV. So we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because well well te teletext is outdated now. and finally, it should be clear that the corporate image, that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product.
I was still I was still working on this twenty five Euro price point. because I think actually having looked at some of the remotes out there, this is quite a low price. I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult. because if you think if you're watching TV you're gonna have a lot of this background noise from the TV which might interfere with the
It could be command control kind of thing. It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated.
Okay so while researching this this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote,. and then also searched for which are the top-rated remote controls on Epinions dot com, which is a a you know a a customer written basically review site. and and this remote control on the right here is is one of the more extravagant,. well basically all the functions are controlled through through the LCD screen. But the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control, and it's kind of difficult to to see in the slide, but it has a scroll wheel on it,. I think that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of of changing the channel. because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu Euro,. but one possibility is to download program information into the LCD screen. this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's it's very simple,. So this is something else we might wanna consider, is really kind of limiting the number of buttons,. but I think also you know the location and and shape of the buttons is important, but also the number of buttons. I think maybe one option is to have you know a little flip-open door that that you have hidden most of the time, but contains the extra buttons like, say, the number buttons for instance. if I had my perfect remote control, I'd probably just have no numbers at all on it because they're just in the way.
Because if people see a remo see the see a remote control without numbers they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to very different build very different to the traditional
Okay, so, I think one of the really kind of useful things you can do with with internet connectivity would be to have this a programme driven interface rather than the channel number. the scroll wheel could be used without an LCD screen, just for changing channel numbers easily. and maybe we wanna make it something that's extensible to do other tasks. Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights, I dunno, close the windows, whatever, turn the heating on,
User i interface could be of two types,. one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing doing some he is knowing about that technology. and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being sitting on the on the remote.
But we have seen before that there is a new way of interacting that use wheel.
And for voice, limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote.
That increases the the cost also. Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to to target well of such technologies is enough? Well wh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance a an ambience microphones
Well one one other thing that that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is when you want to sell into other markets, though,
My personal preference was that we can have ASR sitting there on the remote control.
I'm sure if you can sell a a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo everyone will will buy it.
Actually I'm not so sure. you know if I was using a remote control to, say, turn the volume up because I can't hear it very well, I don't really want to you know drown out what people are saying by talking you know when I'm when I'm instead of pressing up on on a remote control.
We need to have remote control which is fanc fancy,. which is which is easy to to hand not too small, not too big. We should bring new technologies for young peoples,. So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price, it's not possible to go to go to LCD. and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies.
You say we're focusing on TV, but is it still a kind of like a universal remote in that it's a replacement remote control, or is this something for our own line of of televisions?
Well, could we fit the the targets in terms of cost if we go to LCD on the remote control?
For twenty five Euro? I think it's impossible. because for twenty five Euro I think all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control,. So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the. of increasing the unit price.
What would be the goal of putting an LCD in a remote control? So what would what would appear in the in the LCD?
So you could have the name of the programme, you could have the start time you know where it's up to.
So that mean w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control, if you want to browse, in addition to the TV, or or it should be a special TV connected to
Is it that we are targeting the replacement remote market, or what?
We don't go for speech recognition technology. The LCD is still on disc is still open to discussion.
I think that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the than the LCD.
I think the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have you know a wireless internet connection maybe, or a you know.
But then we should move to another target because at twenty five Dollars,
Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control?
I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies. so you have to work on the component concept. you have to work on user interface,. and you have to go through a trend watching. So the question is still open about the LCD thing.